missing in Sydney by Andrea M. Hutchinson copyright black cat
publishing
listening activity one I wouldn't want to do that the
idea of jumping off a
bridge terrifies me to when I finish school I want
to spend a year going
round the world visiting as many different countries as I
can 3 I get up
early on Saturday morning so that I can get all
my homework done then I'm free
for the rest of the weekend 4 I tried it
last summer for the first time when we
were on holiday at the seaside the water was too
dirty to be able to see much
though 5 it's great now with digital cameras as you
can just delete a picture
that's no good I mean you don't have to pay
to get it developed first 6 this is
my favorite thing to do on Saturday evenings I go
to a local one with a
friend and we dance all night I usually get home
around 4 a.m.
chapter one a Christmas party are you coming to this
beach party Amy shouted
Claire if you don't hurry up we'll miss the bus
there isn't another one for an
hour after that said Lisa I'm coming said Amy finally
coming out of the bathroom
well how do I look she asked her two best
friends with a big smile Claire and
Lisa looked at each other and started to laugh what
is it asked Amy worried Amy
we're going to the Christmas party on Bondi Beach not
to a nightclub said
Lisa you can't stand up now in those shoes how
are you going to dance all night
laughed Claire you never know who we might meet replied
Amy just because you two
don't understand anything about fashion come on let's go there
were a lot of
people already at the beach when they arrived the music
was loud and even
though the Sun was starting to go down it was
still warm this was where the
three best friends wanted to be for two years they
planned this holiday and
finally after hours of studying for exams on Claire's 18th
birthday their
plane took off from London's Heathrow Airport destination Australia Amy
cuddled koala bears Lisa bungee jumped off a bridge in
Cairns and Claire made
them wake up really early so that she could take
photos of Ayers rock at dawn
but they all agreed snorkeling in the clear waters of
the great barrier reef
was the best bit and now they were in Sydney
where they planned to celebrate
new year next September after this year of traveling Claire
was going to study
art and photography at University Claire wanted to become a
photographer it was
the only job she wanted to do Lisa was thinking
about joining the police although
her dad didn't know it yet he wanted her to
study law and become a lawyer and
Amy wanted to marry someone who was rich so that
she could go shopping all day
every day but now they still had another six months
left of parties and fun
mmm look at all that delicious food barbecued sausages burgers
and steaks
let's have something to eat said Claire Amy Claire interrupted
Lisa they looked at
her it was obvious that she wanted something I've forgotten
my purse can I
put ten dollars I've only got a few coins on
me again you always forget to
bring enough money said Claire yes and you haven't given
me back the five
dollars you owe me for dinner the other night said
Amy Lisa looked upset she
didn't plan to forget her money it doesn't matter she
said angry she went
over to another group of friends don't ask me for
anything in future Lisa shouted
Amy and Claire but she just ignored them later as
the party was finishing Amy and
Claire waited for Lisa so they could go back to
the youth hostel together there
was a cool wind I think there might be a
storm later on I've got a headache and
I always get a headache before a storm said Amy
oh where's Lisa maybe she went
back to the youth hostel the last time I saw
her was when we argued said Claire
what time is it asked Amy two o'clock answered
Claire perhaps she's at the
hostel in bed yes come on everyone else has gone
and my feet are really hurting I
told you not to wear those shoes laughed Claire when
they got back Amy opened the
door to their room with a nervous smile and said
you missed a great party but
then she realized that Lisa wasn't in bed she wasn't
in the bathroom either
maybe she's met someone said Claire hopefully maybe said Amy
let's go to bed
in the morning she'll tell us all about some gorgeous
Australian that she met at
the party said Claire but she didn't seem sure maybe
said Amy and as she heard
the first sound of thunder she realized that her feet
didn't hurt anymore
chapter two wears Lisa the girl's youth hostel was in
the center of Sydney
opposite Hyde Park when Amy woke up early the next
morning she was happy they
had their own room in some hostels the rooms were
bigger you had to share with
a lot of other people today she didn't feel like
being polite or nice to anyone
their room was very small for three people but there
was a nice view of the
park below Lisa liked sitting in the park when she
wanted to write in her
diary but this morning when Amy looked out towards the
park she could only see
their friend Jack he was sitting alone near the fountain
reading a book it was
a beautiful sunny day now the storm of the night
before was over just like a bad
dream Claire wake up said Amy touching Claire on the
shoulder another five
minutes said Claire pulling the sheet over her head no
you've got to wake up
now Lisa's still not here she didn't come back last
night Claire immediately
threw the sheets off her and sat up let's get
dressed and we'll go downstairs and
have some breakfast said Claire perhaps Lisa got up early
and is already there
five minutes later while they were going downstairs they met
Jack Jack was
traveling as well he arrived in Sydney on the same
day as the girls and they
met as they were checking into the hostel the four
of them soon became friends and
they often spent evenings together talking until late sharing pizza
and beer
in the hostels garden now it seemed like he was
in a hurry hello Jack have you
seen Lisa this morning asked Claire no I haven't she's
not in the dining hall
why oh it's probably nothing if you see her tell
her that we're looking for her
said Amy I'm leaving today so I probably won't but
if I see her sorry I'm in a
hurry and I must go and pack my things before
they could say goodbye he ran by
them and into his room Jack was right there was
nobody in the dining hall it's
715 it's still early if we sit over there by
the window we'll see her when she
comes back do you want something to eat asked Claire
no I'm not hungry I think
I'll just have some orange juice said Amy in silence
Amy and Claire waited every
time the door opened they both looked up hoping that
it was Lisa at eight o'clock
the dining hall was starting to get busy and their
glasses of orange juice were
still full come on I can't just sit here anymore
let's go back upstairs to the
room and try to call her on her mobile said
Claire back in the room Amy dialled
three eight seven four five two nine one one three
she walked up and down the
room waiting for the number to start ringing okay it's
ringing she said
declare with a nervous smile she said Claire suddenly what
is it said Amy she
watched Claire go over to the bedside table and open
the drawer as she opened
it the ringtone of Lisa's phone filled the room Amy
hung up the phone
disappointed Amy look Lisa's purse is in here too so
Lisa hasn't got her mobile or
any money with her said Amy oh Claire where could
she be this isn't like her
at all what are we going to do
listening activity what is happening when did you last see
her where are you now
what time is it there did you call the police
did you try to ring her on her
mobile what are you going to do now
listening activity one about half past eight in the morning
two at the youth
hostel with Amy three I'm not sure I'll talk to
Amy and see what she thinks
four it's Lisa she's disappeared five last night at a
party on Bondi Beach
six no not yet I mean maybe we're going to
if she doesn't come back soon
seven yes but she hasn't got it with her it's
here in the room at the hostel
listening activity one yes we're definitely going to go there
when we're
in Sydney I can't wait to do some sunbathing and
surfing it'll seem strange
though to be doing this sort of thing at Christmas
time when it's freezing in
Britain to I walked across it when I was in
Sydney but I didn't want to go up to
the top even though the views are meant to be
fantastic 135 meters above sea
level is too high for me three it took us
nearly the whole day actually as we
stopped for a swim a few times on the way
we were too tired to walk back again
so we cheated and got the boat four this is
my favorite part of Sydney there's
lots going on here loads of restaurants and bars I
love coming here in the
evenings five we saw a travietta there when we were
in Sydney it wasn't a very
good production but it was a great experience to be
in such an amazing
building
chapter three searching for Lisa for the next four hours
Amy and Claire walked
around Sydney they even walked the 10 kilometer manly scenic
walkway because
they knew that Lisa liked the views from there they
asked everybody they knew
have you seen Lisa and they showed her photo to
strangers this is useless said
Amy looking at the view of Sydney Harbour nobody has
seen her why don't we go
back to Bondi Beach maybe somebody will remember her from
the party last night
said Claire okay agreed Amy but if nobody there knows
where she is I think we
should go to the police Amy and Claire walked up
and down the beach showing
everyone Lisa's photo it was two o'clock the sun
was hot I need to put some sun
cream on Amy said looking at her red arms do
you want to go to that bar over
there and have some lunch then we can go to
the police station said Claire do
you think something has happened to her before Amy could
answer a blonde
Australian girl came over to take their order can we
have one tuna salad one
chicken salad and a large bottle of water please asked
Claire were you here
yesterday at the party asked Amy hopefully the waitress was
very small and Amy
thought she recognized her yes but I was working did
you see our friend asked
Claire showing her the photo the waitress took the photo
from Claire and looked at
it carefully Amy and Claire expected her to say no
but then she smiled oh yes I
remember her I remember thinking how pretty and tall she
was Amy and Claire
became very interested you don't remember if she was with
anyone asked Claire what
time was it when you saw her interrupted Amy it
was about 11 and yes she was
talking to a man he had black hair Amy opened
her mouth to ask another
question but the waitress stopped her I'm sorry but that's
all I can remember I
didn't see his face it was dark with a kind
smile she went to get their food
who's got black hair said Amy excitedly but before she
thought of anyone her
mobile started ringing her hand was shaking when she answered
hello
listening activity one have you seen Lisa two why don't
we go back to Bondi
Beach three do you want to go to that bar
over there and have some lunch four do
you think something has happened to her five were you
here yesterday at the
party six did you see our friend seven you don't
remember if she was with anyone
eight what time was it when you saw her nine
who's got black hair chapter four
Lisa makes a phone call breathless Lisa ran as fast
as she could towards the
telephone box her ankle hurt from when he pulled her
into the house but there
was no time to think of that now only a
few more steps oh why did I have that
stupid argument with Amy and Claire why did I forget
my purse why did I trust
him she thought with tears in her eyes looking constantly
over her shoulder she
lifted the receiver the inside of the telephone box was
dirty and covered in
graffiti but luckily the phone was working she put her
only money a one
dollar coin into the phone and dialed Amy's number please
pick up the phone
please she thought on the second ring Amy answered and
Lisa started crying
Amy oh I'm so glad you're there Lisa is that
you where are you oh I don't know
I need your help the line was bad and because
Lisa was crying it was difficult
to understand what she was saying I'm sorry there are
things you don't know
things I have never told you about my dad Lisa
that's not important calm down
tell us where you are and we'll come and get
you oh please hurry he's coming
off to me hey Lisa what are you trying to
say did someone hurt you at the party
he wants money for my dad to make him pay
who Lisa you're scaring me tell me
where you are and then phone the police Amy said
I don't know the number I don't
know where I am suddenly Lisa went comb somebody was
standing behind her he
was there she could feel him Lisa are you still
there Lisa shouted Amy Lisa
stood terrified as she watched him take the phone from
her and hang up he was
smiling at her but it wasn't a nice smile it
was an evil mad smile why
didn't you stay at the house Lisa but it doesn't
matter nobody will ever find
you putting a baseball cap over his black hair he
pawned her out of the
telephone box
listening activity one they tried to catch people who break
the law in Britain
they wear dark blue uniforms and they don't usually carry
guns two this crime
is when you finish another person's life three this is
the person who decides
what happens to someone who has broken the law four
this is the place where
they can't leave until they have been there for a
specified period of time
five this is when someone takes another person by force
and then asks for money
to let the person go
chapter five at the police station we need to talk
to somebody urgently Amy
told the policeman in the front office before he could
even say hello something
has happened to our friend Lisa and we need your
help she went missing last
night you must help us find her said Claire we
got a phone call from her five
minutes ago interrupted Amy she's in trouble said Claire somebody
has kidnapped
her shouted Amy the officer looked confused and went inside
when he came
back there was another policeman with him good day my
name is Inspector Swanson
would you like to come through here please he said
taking them into an
untidy office please take a seat I understand that your
friend is missing
what's her name Lisa her name is Lisa Mackintosh said
Claire he sat down at his
desk and started writing down the details hmm how old
is she 18 she'll be
19 next month Amy said trying not to cry Inspector
Swanson smiled kindly at Amy
he could see that both the girls were very worried
what was she wearing when
she went missing she was wearing blue jeans and a
pink t-shirt said Claire can
you describe her to me she has long curly blonde
hair and blue eyes this is a
photo of Lisa Amy said and gave him one of
their photos she's very pretty and
tall about 1.75 meters Amy said remembering what the
waitress said
earlier when was the last time you saw her it
was about 8 30 last night said
Claire are you sure she isn't with anyone she met
at the party a friend
perhaps Inspector Swanson looked at them very seriously no not
without telling us
first said Amy shaking her head we made a rule
before we left England if you
want to stay out all night then you have to
tell the others where you're going
who with and when you'll be back explained Claire Lisa
knows that rule she knows
will be worried Inspector Swanson listened carefully he thought that
they
were telling him the truth you told the other officer
that somebody has kidnapped
her he said cautiously yes the two girls said at
the same time that's a
very serious thing to say Swanson searched their eyes for
any sign that
they were lying but they both looked back honestly Lisa
told us that on the
phone so you have spoken to Lisa he asked raising
an eyebrow yes about a
quarter of an hour ago said Claire looking at her
watch why don't you send
some people to look for her asked Amy starting to
get angry they were wasting
time sitting here filling in stupid forms when they could
be looking for
Lisa Amy said Claire trying to calm her down she
turned to Swanson I'm sorry but
we're really worried about Lisa she said that a man
was after her a policeman
knocked on the door it's sorry to interrupt you sir
but could I talk with
you in private please he asked I'm busy can't it
wait said Swanson it's very
important sir said the policeman and Swanson stood up I
won't be long can you
finish filling in that form about Lisa please he told
them and went into another
office when he came back his friendly eyes were dark
with worry was that about
Lisa asked Claire Swanson sat down and took a deep
breath before speaking that
phone call was from Scotland Yard in England judge Mackintosh
the famous
judge has received a phone call a man from Australia
has told judge Mackintosh
that he has kidnapped his daughter the kidnapper wants his
father to be
released from prison and two hundred thousand dollars or what
asked Claire and
Amy at the same time or or he will kill
Lisa listening activity one somebody has
kidnapped her two she's in trouble three are you sure
she isn't with anyone she
met at the party four we made a rule before
we left England if you want to
stay out all night then you have to tell the
others where you're going who with
and when you'll be back five that's a very serious
thing to say six why don't
you send some people to look for her seven I'm
sorry but we're really worried
about Lisa she said that a man was after her
chapter six the truth
Swanson ordered Amy and Claire to stay in his office
while he organized his
offices judge Mackintosh Lisa's father was already on a plane
with the money
everybody seemed to be busy doing something to help Lisa
Amy and Claire felt
like they were the only ones doing nothing we've got
to do something Claire
said Amy Lisa's our best friend you're right replied Claire
before Inspector
Swanson came back they walked out of the police station
and into the late
afternoon which way do you think we should go left
or right asked Claire
looking down the busy street Amy wasn't listening she was
looking at the
photographs they looked so happy it was hard to believe
that some of the photos
were taken only a few days ago why do you
think she didn't tell us Claire
turned around and realized that she was talking to herself
Amy you're not
listening to me at all she complained mmm said Amy
still distracted by the
photos there was something wrong but she couldn't work out
what it was I said
why do you think Lisa didn't tell us that she
has a famous dad that's it shouted
Amy making Claire jump look she said showing the photos
to Claire what it's
just us three having fun no look again insisted Amy
Claire took the photos from
her and looked at them closely but she couldn't see
anything unusual he's on
this photo we took in Cairns and this one at
Ayres Rock he's even on photos
that were taken before we came to Australia look this
one was taken at
Heathrow Airport who said Claire she was starting to get
impatient now Amy
wasn't making any sense and they didn't have time to
waste like this see here in
the background that's more than a coincidence Amy was pointing
at the
figure of a man with black hair in the background
of the photos he's followed
us he's the monster who has kidnapped Lisa she said
angrily Amy said Claire
putting her hand on Amy's arm to calm her I
know that face Jack interrupted Amy
but she wasn't looking at the photo she was waving
to a man across the street
Jack didn't see Amy he walked quickly into a news
agents I thought he was
leaving Sydney she asked turning to Claire but Claire's face
was white you look
like you've seen a ghost smiled Amy Amy the man
in these photos it's him it's
Jack
chapter seven the kidnappers shadow don't be ridiculous Claire Jack's
our friend
laughed Amy nervously but before she looked at the photo
again she knew that
Claire was right Amy felt sick Lisa liked Jack she
trusted him they all thought
he was nice look he's coming out of the news
agents now said Claire I'm going to
kill him said Amy she wanted to run over to
him but Claire stopped her no don't
be stupid if you do that we'll never find out
where Lisa is let's follow him
instead we should phone the police though said Amy taking
her mobile phone out of
her bag there's no time said Claire come on they
started to follow him south
through Hyde Park and then east down Oxford Street he
was walking fast and
it was difficult not to lose sight of him in
the busy street it was still a
public holiday and a lot of people were out enjoying
the early evening sun and
eating ice creams in the many bars of this lively
neighborhood oh no said
Claire what's the matter asked Amy she was staring at
the back of Jack's head as
he crossed the road a few steps in front of
them the traffic lights what traffic
lights said Amy confused a tall woman with long brown
hair stopped suddenly in
front of her obstructing her view Amy wanted to push
her out of the way they're
red he's going to get away said Amy forced to
stand still and wait they watched
Jack disappear into the crowd it felt like an hour
before the cars stopped and
they could walk across the road it's useless shouted Amy
we'll never find
Lisa we can't give up now said Claire I'm going
to the police station said
Amy refusing to go any further but then as she
turned to go she saw him again
listening activity one I go here twice a week to
play basketball because it's
inside we can play even when it's raining two I
pass by here every morning so I
can have something to read on the train I like
knowing what's happening in the
world three it's only small but they have a really
good choice of books I love
reading so I usually go once a week to take
books back and borrow some more
four we usually go here to see new films when
they come out we usually go at least
twice a month five we've got a great one near
our house it's really big with
lots of space there are also lots of things for
children to do on a sunny
day I love going there to relax and read a
book six my sister's traveling at the
moment and she seems to ask for something at least
once a week I always
have to go to this place to send her things
chapter eight finding Lisa the house was on a pretty
street in Paddington a
residential district south of Sydney Harbour not far from the
youth hostel it
was a Victorian house and was identical to all the
other houses on that street
Claire and Amy watched as Jack went through the gate
and into the house once
they were certain that nobody was watching them they walked
to the rear of the
house and looked through a window it was very dirty
but they could still see
inside the outside of the house was beautiful but the
inside was horrible
the furniture was ripped and empty tins of food pizza
boxes and cans were on
the floor Lisa was sitting on an old chair in
the living room her hands were
tied and she looked frightened as she watched Jack he
was shouting and his face
was red with anger for ten years I lived here
alone with my aunt I couldn't even
visit my dad because he was in prison in England
I'm sorry I said Lisa trying to
calm him down no you're not you're not sorry I
am no you're sorry that you're
not out with your friends laughing and having fun as
usual well what about me
he screamed out of control if you let me go
I won't tell anyone about this said
Lisa desperately not Claire not Amy nobody will ever know
it will be our secret
you're a liar just like you're dead he screamed so
loud it made Amy and Claire
jump do you think I could let you go now
after all this time after all that he's
done my father was innocent he told me he never
did it he was set up Claire and
Amy listened in silence too scared to breathe he looked
so different from this
kind funny guy they shared pizza with this was the
real Jack I've planned this
for a long time I followed you and your stupid
friends around Australia and then
you came to Sydney when you argued with your friends
on Bondi Beach I was there
you knew me from the youth hostel and trusted me
and I could finally put my
plan into action now your dad is going to pay
I hope he's got the money ready
otherwise he laughed a mad laugh in Lisa's face before
rushing out of the house
locking the door behind him Amy didn't wait one minute
more she took her mobile
phone and dialed the number of the police station hello
can I speak with
Inspector Swanson please it's Amy Dixon while Amy waited for
Swanson to answer
Claire knocked on the window Lisa shouted Claire everything's going
to be okay
you're safe now
chapter 9 happy new year I still don't understand why
you didn't tell us about
your dad said Claire it was New Year's Eve and
Lisa's dad was paying for them
to have dinner in an expensive restaurant from their table
there was a
fantastic view of Sydney Harbour and the Opera House the
night sky was full of
stars the nightmare of the past few days was finally
over I wanted you to like
me for who I am not because my dad was
a famous judge said Lisa well I don't
care if your dad is a judge or if he
cleans the streets what are you going to
order I can't decide I'm so hungry I could eat
two of everything said Amy we'll
order some champagne first said Lisa's dad I'm a lucky
man I always worried
that something like this was going to happen it's over
now dad because of Amy
and Claire Jackson prison and he'll stay there for a
long time I want to get on
with my life said Lisa and she kissed him on
the cheek what are your New Year's
resolutions I'm going to give up chocolate after I've tried
that delicious
looking chocolate cake said Claire I'm going to retire said
Lisa's dad why you
can't do that your job means everything to you said
Lisa surprised I've thought
about it for a long time even before all of
this happened I want to spend more
time with my family he said smiling at Lisa my
New Year's resolution is to
remember my money and mobile phone when I go out
laugh Lisa cheers laugh Danny
raising her glass dinner was delicious and they all ate
too much have you
thought about what you are going to study at university
he asked oh dad don't
be boring it's New Year's Eve there's lots of time
to think about that said
Lisa suddenly nervous your future is very important he said
seriously I know
but Lisa knew that joining the police was what she
definitely wanted she also
knew that sooner or later she needed to tell her
dad about her decision but she
didn't want to ruin this evening she was having such
a good time dad she
started taking a deep breath she said the words she
knew were going to disappoint
him I don't want to go to university she avoided
his eyes and waited for him to
his voice was warm I know he said what do
you mean I know Lisa looked at him
confused but he was smiling I'm your dad I could
see that whenever I talked
about university you looked unhappy and what's important to me
he said taking
her hand gently in his is that you're happy so
can I join the police if that's
what you want he smiled do you mean that asked
Lisa excitedly she threw her
arms around him well if Lisa is going to join
the police then you two could
always become private investigators he said and Claire laughed I'm
serious you
found Lisa before the police did but the girls were
laughing too much to take
him seriously here's to us Charlie's Angels laugh Lisa making
another toast
it'll soon be midnight shall we go outside with everyone
else at last the
everyone shouted six five four three two one happy new
year fireworks filled the
sky with loud bangs and a beautiful rainbow of color
Sydney was impressive
at any time of year but the harbor at New
Year was unforgettable any plans for the
future could wait until tomorrow it was too good here
and now
listening activity one I thought it was silly when she
wore high-heeled shoes
to the beach too he was really horrible I mean
to be their friend but all the
time to be planning to kidnap Lisa how could anyone
do that three he seems a
nice man but I don't think he's given much time
to his family his job was too
important to him four I don't feel that I know
much about her really only that she
forgets things and that she wants to be a police
woman five I think he was nice
but I don't understand why at first he thought Claire
and Amy weren't being
honest six I don't understand why she doesn't want to
go to university I mean
she could do that then do the job she wants
after her studies seven she's the
calm sensible one isn't she the one who others depend
on eight I feel sorry for
him I mean to be without his father for all
those years I can understand why he
feels so angry